Neal and Phillip started a collaboration
back in 2010 to produce a unique range
of durable headphones based on both
companies principles of quality
innovation and durability the tested on
animals campaign would seem riders mark
Matthews Jeremy Jones and a in the roots
established a revolutionary stretch
model has a preferred choice of action
sports enthusiasts and laid the
foundation for the global success of the
Philips O'Neill headphones collection
2011 sees the addition of mobile lab
trucks torn throughout Europe and the US
and new sponsorship of to O'Neill prime
events the cold water classic Santa Cruz
and O'Neill evolution 2011 also heralds
arrival three new team riders to test
and ensure the continued durability of
the headphones young Canadians snowboard
superstar substitutes new surf
generation leader Malia Manuel and
European wakeboard legend surreal
Cornero in addition new additions to the
collection like the bend will strengthen
the market position has the most durable
headphones available
the only obed and phone it's perfect for
me they're really small it's super light
super flexible they're really durable
thank you fall really crazy just popped
out like that and just put it back in
it's the perfect fit so it doesn't fall
up I focus on my tricks I have to talk
given my headphone to the base super
loud it's perfect let's break it while
you know
who said i wish i was flexible of these
headphones bring out the best in the
base those mornings when it's freezing
cold on the waves are huge and last
thing i want to do is get out of bed and
put a cold wet suit on music definitely
gets me pumped
really gets me in the rhythm focus and
comfortable and ready to get out in a
heat and battle I think I've broken it
from every possible way great headphones
perhaps we live all together it builds
the best had fun and sober they're
pretty girl what's cool if you can't
really hurt him